Instructions -

Overview -
Build a website using the Express/Node.js platform, with the Axios HTTP client, that integrates a chosen public API from the given list: Public API Lists.
The website should interact with the chosen API, retrieve data, and present it in a user-friendly manner.

Objectives -
* Develop an understanding of how to integrate public APIs into web projects.

* Gain practical experience using Express/Node.js for server-side programming.

* Enhance understanding of client-server communication using Axios.

* Demonstrate ability to manipulate, present, and work with data retrieved from APIs.


Example Ideas -
- Use the JokeAPI to Create a website that gives the user a joke based on their name
- Use the OpenWeatherMap API to build a website that tells a user if it will rain tomorrow in their location of choice.
- Use the Blockchain API to check the price of a cryptocurrency for the user.
- Use the CocktailDB API to make a website that gives the user a random cocktail recipe with images of the cocktail.
- Use the Open UV API to make a website based on your home location that tells you if you need to apply sunscreen today.

Bonus points for choosing your own API and creating something of your own. Sometimes, you'll decide on an API and then realise that it doesn't work, that's all a part of the process, just move on to the next one and try again!

Requirements -
1. API Choice
Browse through the provided list and choose an API of interest.
This choice should be guided by the potential to retrieve, manipulate, and present data in a meaningful and interactive way. I recommend choosing an API that does not require authentication and is CORS enabled. 

2. Project Planning
Think through your project, researching the chosen API, its features, what data it will provide, and how it will be used in your web application.

3. Project Setup
Set up a new Node.js project using Express.js.

Include Axios for making HTTP requests.

Include EJS for templating.

Ensure that the project has a structured directory and file organization.

4. API Integration
Implement at least a GET endpoint to interact with your chosen API.

Use Axios to send HTTP requests to the API and handle responses.

5. Data Presentation
Design the application to present the retrieved data in a user-friendly way. Use appropriate HTML, CSS, and a templating engine like EJS.

6. Error Handling
Ensure that error handling is in place for both your application and any API requests. You can console log any errors, but you can also give users any user-relevant errors.

7. Documentation
Include comments throughout your code to explain your logic.

8. Code Sharing
Use what you have learnt about GitHub to commit and push your project to GitHub so that you can share it with other students in the Q&A area, I'd love to see what you've build too! You can tweet at me @yu_angela

* Include a Readme.md file that explains how to start your server, what commands are needed to run your code. e.g. npm i  and then nodemon index.js


Recommended Resources -
* Public APIs: https://github.com/appbrewery/public-api-lists
* More free APIs: https://rapidapi.com/collection/list-of-free-apis